README.md, before:

#haku

### Getting Started

Make sure you have JDK7 on your JAVA_HOME and Java Cryptography Extensions (JCE) installed.

    cd haku
    mvn clean install
    cd haku-app
    mvn tomcat7:run

    http://localhost:9090/haku-app

If the site fails to load due to "Input validation failure", make sure you don't have any unwanted cookies stored for localhost on your browser.

#### Integration tests

Run all integration tests

    mvn clean verify -Pintegration-test

Debug integration tests

    -Dmaven.failsafe.debug="-Xdebug -Xrunjdwp:transport=dt_socket,server=y,suspend=y,address=8000 -Xnoagent -Djava.compiler=NONE"

Run single test class

    -Dit.test=DropdownSelectDefaultValueIT

More information about failsave maven plugin

    http://maven.apache.org/surefire/maven-failsafe-plugin/

#### Demo scripts

Demo scripts are currently located in the webapp due to iframe element restrictions, until a better solution is available. An authorized session needs to be established before running the scripts. Also application forms need to be generated by calling lomakkeenhallinta.

    https://testi.virkailija.opintopolku.fi/haku-app/resources/demo/runner.html

### Documentation

Commit message:

Add tomcat.sh to git

README.md, after:

#haku

### Getting Started

Make sure you have JDK7 on your JAVA_HOME and Java Cryptography Extensions (JCE) installed.

    cd haku
    mvn clean install
    cd haku-app
    mvn tomcat7:run

    http://localhost:9090/haku-app

If the site fails to load due to "Input validation failure", make sure you don't have any unwanted cookies stored for localhost on your browser.

#### Integration tests

Run all integration tests
    mvn clean verify -Pintegration-test

Debug integration tests
    -Dmaven.failsafe.debug="-Xdebug -Xrunjdwp:transport=dt_socket,server=y,suspend=y,address=8000 -Xnoagent -Djava.compiler=NONE"

Run single test class
    -Dit.test=DropdownSelectDefaultValueIT

More information about failsave maven plugin
    http://maven.apache.org/surefire/maven-failsafe-plugin/

### Running against integration test environment (luokka)

Set your local env settings to
`~/oph-configuration.local` folder

and copy luokka settings to
`~/oph-configuration.luokka` folder

then you can start the server

with local settings by

`tomcat.sh`

and luokka settings by

`tomcat.sh -l`


Script takes also paremeters:

c = clean
b = build
d = debug

so you can eg. clean, build & debug with louokka settings by
`tomcat.sh -cbdl`
